doc: add the various storageclass configuration howto (#304)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/csi-driver-support-various-sc.md

---
sidebar_position: 6
sidebar_label: Various StorageClass of Harvester CSI Driver 
title: "Various StorageClass of Harvester CSI Driver"
keywords:
  - Harvester
  - harvester
  - Rancher Integration
  - CSI Driver
  - StorageClass

> ---

Author: Updated

> After the Harvester CSI driver v0.1.15, you can create PVC based on the different StorageClass of Harvester.

Author: Sure, updated!

## Preparation

> It would be best if you did some preparation to support this feature entirely.

Reviewer: Can you please elaborate on why this pre-configuration is needed here? 
e.g., in order to allow users to balabala, it is recommended to...

Author: Updated!

1. Create a new `clusterrole` named `harvesterhci.io:csi-driver` with the following manifest.
```
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRole
metadata:
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/component: apiserver
    app.kubernetes.io/name: harvester
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: harvester
  name: harvesterhci.io:csi-driver
rules:
- apiGroups:
  - storage.k8s.io
  resources:
  - storageclasses
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
```

1. Then create the `clusterrolebinding` to associate with this. You can refer to the following manifest.
```
  apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <namespace>-<serviceaccount name>
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: harvesterhci.io:csi-driver
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: <serviceaccount name>
  namespace: <namespace>
  ```

:::note

Please complete these preparations on the Harvester Cluster.

> Also, the `serviceaccount name` and `namespace` should be the same as your could provider.

Reviewer: can u please provide a guideline for how users could allocate them accordingly?

Author: Updated! Please help to review the latest version! Thanks

:::

## Deploying

> Now, try to create a new StorageClass. You can refer to the [StorageClasses](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/dev/advanced/storageclass) to see how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's try to create a new StorageClass that you like to use in your guest k8s cluster. You can refer to the [StorageClasses](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/dev/advanced/storageclass) for more details.
```

Like this Figure, we create the new StorageClass named `replica-2`.

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/sc-replica-2.png)

We could create a new StorageClass on the downstream cluster to be associated with this as follows.

![](/img/v1.2/rancher/downstream-cluster-sc-creation.png)

:::note

The `Provisioner` should choose `Harvester`.

The parameter `Host StorageClass` should be the StorageClass created on the Harvester Cluster.

:::

> Then, you could use this new StorageClass to create the PVC based on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use this new `StorageClass` to create a PVC based on it, which will use the above-defined `Host StorageClass` to provision volumes on the bare-metal cluster.
```
